Update _index.md to reflect UI updates for RC next week (#20176)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/setup/_index.md

- See [Deployment Design and Principles][7] for information on what to consider when designing your Observability Pipelines architecture.
- See [Best Practices for OPW Aggregator Architecture][8] for details on the recommended Observability Pipelines aggregator architecture, which is optimized for scaling.

> ## Deployment Modes

Reviewer: I moved the info about requesting access to a banner: https://a.cl.ly/z8ud6qXY

What does Support have to do when they get a request? We have to add those instructions to [The Public Docs say Contact Support](https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TS/pages/328404964/The+Public+Docs+say+Contact+Support).

```suggestion
## Deployment Modes

<div class="alert alert-warning">
  Remote configuration for Observability Pipelines is in private beta. Contact <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/">Datadog support</a> or your Customer Success Manager for access.
</div>
```

Author: i like this! 

As for your question, support has to reach out to me or @silversupreme to get the customer enrolled

If you are enrolled in the private beta of [Remote Configuration][7] to remotely roll out changes to your OP Workers, you can switch deployment methods in the settings cog (i.e. going from manually managed pipeline to remote configuration enabled pipeline). When switching deployment methods, ensure that you restart the Worker with the new deployment mode flag, `DD_OP_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED`, set to match the UI.

When going from remote configuration to manual deployment mode, even if you switch the deployment mode in the UI, if you do not switch the deployment mode of each Workers by turning the `DD_OP_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED` flag off, the Workers themselves will be remote configuration enabled so therefore will continue pulling a version configuration.

> When going from manual to remote configuration deployment mode, after restarting the Worker with  flag, you will need to deploy a version in your version history, so that the Workers receive the new version configuration. 

Reviewer: Added this info to the above suggestion.

```suggestion
```

> If you are interested in getting early access to remote configuration, please reach out to support or your customer success manager.

Reviewer: Added this as a banner to the top of the section.
```suggestion
```

- See [Deployment Design and Principles][7] for information on what to consider when designing your Observability Pipelines architecture.
- See [Best Practices for OPW Aggregator Architecture][8] for details on the recommended Observability Pipelines aggregator architecture, which is optimized for scaling.

## Deployment Modes

<div class="alert alert-warning">
  Remote configuration for Observability Pipelines is in private beta. Contact <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/">Datadog support</a> or your Customer Success Manager for access.
</div>

> If you are enrolled in the private beta of [Remote Configuration][9], you can remotely roll out changes to your Workers from the Datadog UI, rather than make updates to your pipeline configuration in a text editor and then manually rolling out your changes. Choose your deployment method when you create a pipeline and install your Workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are enrolled in the private beta of [Remote Configuration][9], you can remotely roll out changes to your Workers from the Datadog UI, rather than make updates to your pipeline configuration in a text editor and then manually rolling out your changes. Choose your deployment method when you create a pipeline and install your Workers.
```

> If you are enrolled in the private beta of [Remote Configuration][7] to remotely roll out changes to your OP Workers, you remotely roll out changes to your Workers from the Datadog UI, rather than making updates to your pipeline configuration in a text editor and rolling out your changes manually. You can choose your deployment method when you create a pipeline and install your Workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are enrolled in the private beta of [Remote Configuration][9], you can remotely roll out changes to your Workers from the Datadog UI, rather than make updates to your pipeline configuration in a text editor and then manually rolling out your changes. Choose your deployment method when you create a pipeline and install your Workers.
```

> After deploying a pipeline, you can also switch deployment methods, such as going from manually managed pipeline to remote configuration enabled pipeline or vice versa. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying a pipeline, you can also switch deployment methods, such as going from a manually managed pipeline to a remote configuration enabled pipeline or vice versa. 
```

If you want to switch from a remote configuration deployment to a manually managed deployment:
1. Navigate to Observability Pipelines.
2. Click the settings cog.
3. In **Deployment Mode**, select **manual** to enable it.

> 4. Set the flag, `DD_OP_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED` to `false` and restart the Worker. Workers that aren't restarted with this flag will continue to be remote configuration enabled, which means that the Worker will not be updated manually through a local configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set the `DD_OP_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED` flag to `false` and restart the Worker. Workers that aren't restarted with this flag continue to be remote configuration enabled, which means that the Workers are not updated manually through a local configuration file.
```

If you want to switch from manually managed deployment to a remote configuration deployment:
1. Navigate to Observability Pipelines.
2. Click the settings cog.
3. In **Deployment Mode**, select **Remote Configuration** to enable it.

> 4. Set the flag, `DD_OP_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED` to `true` and restart the Worker. Workers that aren't restarted with this flag will not poll for configurations deployed in the UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set the `DD_OP_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED` flag to `true` and restart the Worker. Workers that are not restarted with this flag are not polled for configurations deployed in the UI. 
```

> 6. Deploy a version in your version history, so that the Workers receive the new version configuration. Click on a version, click _Edit as Draft_, then click _Deploy_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Deploy a version in your version history, so that the Workers receive the new version configuration. Click on a version. Click **Edit as Draft** and then click **Deploy**. 
```

- See [Best Practices for OPW Aggregator Architecture][8] for details on the recommended Observability Pipelines aggregator architecture, which is optimized for scaling.

## Deployment Modes

<div class="alert alert-warning">
  Remote configuration for Observability Pipelines is in private beta. Contact <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/">Datadog support</a> or your Customer Success Manager for access.
</div>

If you are enrolled in the private beta of [Remote Configuration][9], you can remotely roll out changes to your Workers from the Datadog UI, rather than make updates to your pipeline configuration in a text editor and then manually rolling out your changes. Choose your deployment method when you create a pipeline and install your Workers.

After deploying a pipeline, you can also switch deployment methods, such as going from a manually managed pipeline to a remote configuration enabled pipeline or vice versa. 

If you want to switch from a remote configuration deployment to a manually managed deployment:
1. Navigate to Observability Pipelines.
2. Click the settings cog.
3. In **Deployment Mode**, select **manual** to enable it.

> 4. Set the `DD_OP_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED` flag to `false` and restart the Worker. Workers that aren't restarted with this flag continue to be remote configuration enabled, which means that the Workers are not updated manually through a local configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set the `DD_OP_REMOTE_CONFIGURATION_ENABLED` flag to `false` and restart the Worker. Workers that are not restarted with this flag continue to be remote configuration enabled, which means that the Workers are not updated manually through a local configuration file.
```
